[MUSIC]
>> Douglas: RQ has four types of
functions in it and if you can manage
these four types of functions then
it's it's pretty easy to use.
We have requestor functions, which
are functions that can execute a request.
We've got callbacks, which are
continuation functions that are passed to
requestors that's how
requester returns its result.
We have factories, which are like
the factories you've been making which
make requestor functions,
they act as a convenience.
And in fact the four functions that
I've shown you are all factories and
then cancel functions that cancel can
be returned by a requestor to cancel or
request.
A callback function takes two parameters,
a success parameter and
a failure parameters.
If success is undefined then it fails and
the failure is undefined when it succeeds
and there's just one callback in
promises for example will be two callbacks
one for success, one for failure.
I think it's easier if you just have one.
Than a requester function will take a call
back and it can optionally also take
a value and that's how a sequence will
move results from one step to the next.
A requestor function can return
a cancel function which is used for
cancellation and
factories make requestors.
That's the relationship
of the four kinds of
functions.
>> Douglas: Let's look at an example.
This is the identity requestor this is
the simplest possible requestor It will
receive a value and it will then send the
value to the next thing in the sequence.
If you put this in the middle of
a sequence, it's a do nothing it
will just take whatever's going on and
give it to the next one.
You never do that but
this is the model for the simplest form.
>> Douglas: We can wrap those things or,
I'm sorry, this is the fullname
request this one receives
an object containing parts of names and
we'll concatenate them
together to make a name and
then deliver that to the callback.
I could add this as a processing step for
example.
And we can write functions
which will automate that for
us, so request arise is similar to
functions that you've been writing.
It will produce a requestor that
will call some ordinary function.
We can take any existing function and
turn it into a requestor which could
reduce the amount of work you have to do
in transiting to RQ.
>> Douglas: This is a Delay Requestor.
This is the simplest real time thing.
You would never put a delay
into a server application.
What you would do in a real situation is
instead of calling setTimeout, you're
going to send a message to some service
and instead of calling clearTimeout
you would send a message probably to the
same service telling it to please stop.
You just make the substitution but if
you were to take the delay requestor and
put it in a sequence, the sequence will
run exactly the same it will just take
longer but
it will take longer without blocking.
If then this is the Delay Factory.
It's this code is the delay
requestor except the factory
is providing the milliseconds value.
>> Speaker 2: These are all
part of RQ?
>> Douglas: No these are examples of how
you could use RQ.
>> Speaker 2: Things that you put in there
okay.
>> Douglas: Now know that this code is.
>> [CROSSTALK]
>> Douglas: Request.
>> Douglas: Then this is a factory for
reading files.
This factory will produce
a requestor which you can then
put in a list which will
then read files for you and
this one is wrapping the node file system.
This is the widget that was in
the demo that I showed you earlier.
This is all HTML crap, so
I'm not gonna bother you with that but
and I did it this way cause I didn't
want to have to depend on any one
library because if I chose a library
that's not everybody's favorite, and
it turns out everybody is
not somebody's favorite so
it's just, so it's awful.
But the interesting features here
are that this is the quick handler or
the success handler, so
when I clicked on yes on success,
I'd changed the color of
the widget to green and
I called the callback to let it know
that it finished successfully and
on the failure side was similar except
I set the background color to pink and
success is undefined now to indicate
that we have a failure result and
in the case of cancellation,
I just set the background to
gray.
>> Speaker 2: Why'd you reverse
your success fillers conviction node?
>> Douglas: Because node got it
wrong.
>> Speaker 2: Because it got it
wrong?
>> Douglas: Yeah
>> Speaker 2: Okay, I agree that it seemed
really weird but now you start
to use to hire people who do it
the right way it seems weird.
>> Douglas: Yeah, exactly and I know I
mentioned this in the hazard, doing things
right in a system that does things wrong.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Douglas: It's going to, yeah, and
I understand that.
I apologize for it.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Douglas: I just couldn't bring myself
to do it the wrong way.